204 srrornnorurr ossonrnrrsn.

destinand03 illos insimul commonendo ut promptae executioni omnia
demandarentur. Caeterum pro Emorum. PP. votis concordiam inter
(lterum Saecularem et Regularum, ubi res nostram postulaverit indus·
triam, tota sedulitate conabimur. lnterea immensas Deo gratias
referimus quod in Casselensi nostra Dioecesi utrique clero una sit pax
et unus animus. Deus opt. man Emae. Vrae. dignitatem ad plurimos
conservet ae augeat annos.

E loeo Refugii nostri, 13 Oet, 1635.

Tronis, Archiep. Casselensis.

LXV.

hermu or nnn Brauon or Fartus, hom Osroene, 1635.

¹ (Tarnsnrrnn raon nnn ornanum m Irmmr.)

When leaving Rome I brought with me the usual Faculties
which are granted through the Holy Office to the Irish Bishops, and
as the term ior which they were granted has nearly expired, Ι send
you the original document, that their Eminences oi the Holy Office
may graciously renew these Faculties for such time as they may deem
fit3 and when this favour is granted Ι prey you to eonsign the rescript

v to Don John Baptist Benffioglio, who will forward it to me through

his agent in Franee.

Although the Oardinal Protector of Ireland informed me, in
August, 1634, that the Deerees sanotioned by the Saered Gongregation
for the Irish Ohureh would he communicated to me by my Metropoli-
tan, it was only in September, 1635, that they were thus communicated
to me, and Ι know that other Suffragans also complein of the slowness
of their metropolitane 'm communicating such matters which concern
the Suffragans es much as the Metropolitans themselves· As, how·
ever, I had received a copy oi these Deerees privately from Rome, Ι
sent my reply tothe Saered Oongregation several months ago, adding
after each Deeree the remarks which Ι considered opportune. Ι still
adhere to the opinions which I then eonveyed to the Sacred Congre-

gation.

 

